hey this is Chris mgs custom bikes got a
2011 Street Glide here with the 103 inch
motor
he's got Thunder headers on that
screaming eagle air filter what I'm
going to do here is going to do a
baseline run and the power see what kind
of power these pipes are putting out and
then when we're done the customer wants
us to put our MGS true tools on and now
then then we'll show you some real power
here alright let's check out to see what
this thing will do
now what I'm going to do is I'm going to
get on the dyno I'm going to run it
through the the paces and see what kind
of power increase we got
all right we just got done running the
bike on the dyno with our setup the MGS
custom bike strudels with the loud
baffle option to be honestly I'm blown
away and I know our powers and our pipes
make power but this is unreal
if you look to the graph what you can
see here is max horsepower went from 77
on the Thunder headers to 88.3 4 on the
mgs2 tools I mean that's unreal
that's just crazy we're getting you know
11 horsepower gain an overpowering
torque is absolutely amazing we mostly
get out of it this is with the tune this
thing out of stage one tune ninety five
point two eight torque is what the
Thunder understand our system put out a
hundred and four foot-pounds of torque
that's just freakin unreal
basically we got ten horsepower 10
foot-pounds of torque
look at the power band you can see that
our pipes come on a lot faster than the
Thunder writers do right and your your
3500 rpm range we do a lot of your
riding we're definitely a whole lot
higher over ten foot-pounds of torque
and horsepower higher but if you look at
riot about 4300 rpms
we're almost 12 foot pounds of torque
higher and almost 10 horsepower higher
right in that range and honors if you
look at our graph bars the red one it
stays on a whole lot longer all the way
to red line well we were we're just just
barely under 80 foot-pounds of torque at
redline Thundra headers are at like
almost an almost 60 it's almost 20 foot
pounds difference yeah 15 you call it 16
17 thousand different at the upper end
absolutely blows me away but here you go
this this is a reason why you guys got
to get these pipes on your bike haven't
met a pipe yet they can match what we do
you